I actually get a lot of questions on
Audi since I've owned you know just so
many of them this is just a particular
car I was doing in the morning and I
felt that you know what let me use this
as a test subject bla Valdez there's no
mistake about that if you watched any of
my videos I always drive an Audi - so
alright let me just go over this car
this is a 2002 300 ta for now you know a
lot of people say oh it's expensive to
maintain it's this it's that well if you
know what you're looking for and you
know where to buy parts it's not so bad
most people unfortunately do not know
how to look at cars properly you could
already tell that this thing probably
needs a tie rod ends ball joint stuff
like that because of the bold tires in
the front you know another thing about
Quattro's is that everything should be
the same and what I mean by that is that
the tire should be the same they
shouldn't have pay different sizes or
staggered you don't do that to these
cars because it throws them all off so
obviously both sides really need it now
this is something that I I'll tell you I
never really see in an Audi and it
doesn't matter how old it is I have an
86 yeah it does have a little rust in
that little corner sometimes you'll see
it but not necessarily do you see rust
on these vehicles because the the zinc
when they dip these cars was just
amazing but for some strange reason that
this particular car has rusting over
here but this is actually the first
eight four that I've seen like that that
may mean that yeah that this this fender
was painted probably with an aftermarket
fender and that's probably a reason why
it was probably cheap and then sometimes
what happens is see look it's even worse
because this has gone into here and
probably gone underneath the seams on
the plastic I guess I would say you know
you could look for that but it's
something that I've never really seen
too often in these cars another trouble
spot on the a4 and you'll see in a lot
of Volkswagens and a-sixes is this right
here unfortunately they seem to break a
lot I don't know if it's because people
do not handle them properly or when they
open them they just let them fold down
there was no kind of like spring load to
it as you can see here this one looks
like it's going to go eventually - and
if you pile a whole bunch of stuff on
them that could also hamper the
the strength of the glove box in reality
this actually belongs under here in its
booklet but there is no leather-bound
book okay
you know other than that what else would
be a problem okay
another problem issue with the 300 is
and since there were new because back in
the day I was doing quite a bit of these
things brand new what will happen with
these is when you first start them in
the morning they will always have a
little tapping noise up at the top for
about five seconds and then it goes away
very common on these three O's it's
almost like the oil just doesn't stay up
there properly so you will find that a
lot also there was an issue with of
course the igniters I'll show you those
this one has an ABS light on now could
be a module can be very expensive if you
go to the dealership however honestly
I've done quite a bit of these in my
career and I usually do not see these
vehicles with the ABS light on usually
the a6 is they're very common but not so
much this car you look on ebay you could
find this part a lot cheaper than of
course going to Audi now ESP is thrown
off because ESP uses the brakes in order
to stabilize the vehicle so that will
also throw off the cymbal will throw off
that cymbal and of course the system
making you think it's a lot worse than
what it is
these coils here at one time were a big
issue you would find a lot of these
vehicles were kind of missing a little
bit if water got onto them or they were
troublesome in the beginning now these
have come come down tremendously these
coil packs and they're very very
inexpensive to get think some of them
I've seen even in the $30 you know 30 30
to $40 range so hey if you know what
you're looking for it's a fabulous
automobile whether it be this one or
others like it if you have any questions
give me a call I know just a little bit
about
you